# Rust API client for atla-confluence-v1-api

This document describes the REST API and resources provided by Confluence. The REST APIs are for developers who want to integrate Confluence into their application and for administrators who want to script interactions with the Confluence server.Confluence's REST APIs provide access to resources (data entities) via URI paths. To use a REST API, your application will make an HTTP request and parse the response. The response format is JSON. Your methods will be the standard HTTP methods like GET, PUT, POST and DELETE. Because the REST API is based on open standards, you can use any web development language to access the API.


## Overview

This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 0.1.0
- Generator version: 7.22.0
- Build package: `org.openapitools.codegen.languages.RustClientCodegen`

## Installation

Put the package under your project folder in a directory named `atla-confluence-v1-api` and add the following to `Cargo.toml` under `[dependencies]`:

```
atla-confluence-v1-api = { path = "./atla-confluence-v1-api" }
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://your-domain.atlassian.net*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ContentApi* | [**search_content_by_cql**](docs/ContentApi.md#search_content_by_cql) | **GET** /wiki/rest/api/content/search | Search content by CQL
*ContentAttachmentsApi* | [**create_attachment**](docs/ContentAttachmentsApi.md#create_attachment) | **POST** /wiki/rest/api/content/{id}/child/attachment | Create attachment
*ContentAttachmentsApi* | [**create_or_update_attachments**](docs/ContentAttachmentsApi.md#create_or_update_attachments) | **PUT** /wiki/rest/api/content/{id}/child/attachment | Create or update attachment
*SearchApi* | [**search_by_cql**](docs/SearchApi.md#search_by_cql) | **GET** /wiki/rest/api/search | Search content
*SearchApi* | [**search_user**](docs/SearchApi.md#search_user) | **GET** /wiki/rest/api/search/user | Search users


## Documentation For Models

 - [Content](docs/Content.md)
 - [ContentArray](docs/ContentArray.md)
 - [SearchPageResponseSearchResult](docs/SearchPageResponseSearchResult.md)
 - [SearchResult](docs/SearchResult.md)
 - [Version](docs/Version.md)


To get access to the crate's generated documentation, use:

```
cargo doc --open
```

## Author
